{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f16\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}{\f17\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f18\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f20\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f21\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f22\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f30\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f32\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f33\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f34\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f113\fscript\fcharset238\fprq2 Comic Sans MS CE;}
{\f114\fscript\fcharset204\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Cyr;}{\f116\fscript\fcharset161\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Greek;}{\f117\fscript\fcharset162\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Tur;}{\f118\fscript\fcharset186\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\adjustright \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 
Plain Text;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}{\s17\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \sbasedon0 \snext17 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{\s19\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 
\sbasedon0 \snext19 footnote text;}{\*\cs20 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01*;}{\levelnumbers
;}}{\listname ;}\listid-2}{\list\listtemplateid45117676\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li360 }{\listname ;}\listid634725945}
{\list\listtemplateid45117676\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li360 }{\listname ;}\listid1284264634}{\list\listtemplateid-278485758
\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\b0\i0\f16\fbias0 \fi-360\li1080 }{\listname ;}\listid1689523427}{\list\listtemplateid45117676\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li360 }{\listname ;}\listid1773892258}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-2\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel
\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li1080 }}\ls1}{\listoverride\listid634725945\listoverridecount0\ls2}
{\listoverride\listid-2\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat4\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01-;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li360 }}\ls3}{\listoverride\listid-2
\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01\u-4051 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 }}\ls4}{\listoverride\listid1284264634
\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid1773892258\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid1689523427\listoverridecount0\ls7}}{\info{\title Lifeline: Introduction}{\author Administrator}{\operator Cal Woodruff}
{\creatim\yr1999\mo5\dy30\hr19\min25}{\revtim\yr2003\mo2\dy24\hr9\min14}{\printim\yr1999\mo8\dy9\hr16\min13}{\version3}{\edmins102}{\nofpages21}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\*\company VLSI}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}\margl1325\margr1325 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\pgnstart0\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \pgnrestart\pgnstarts0\linex0\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain \s16\qc\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright {\f16 Lifeline User Manual

\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s17\qc\ri360\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright {\f16 Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs18\f16  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs18\f16\lang1024 9}}}{\f16  
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s19\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20 {\b\f16\fs48 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par LIFELINE VOICE MAIL SYSTEM
\par }{\f16\fs36 USER MANUAL}{\b\f16\fs24 \page Lifeline: Introduction
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par Lifeline is an automated telephone answering system that permits up to 10,000 users to store and retrieve messages on o
ne computer using up to 12 phone lines. (Note: the trial version allows up to 50 users on one phone line only.) The programs included with the Lifeline package are as follows:
\par 
\par LLSETUP.EXE \tab \tab 
\par set up parameters (e.g. # of messages etc) for Lifeline program.
\par 
\par LIFELINE.EXE \tab 
\par the main telephone answering application.
\par 
\par LLCNVT.EXE \tab \tab 
\par converts the user data to a database readable format.
\par 
\par LLPROMPT.EXE \tab 
\par prompt recording utility (uses LIFELINE.SCR as source file).
\par }\pard \s15\fi-2160\li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 LLRECNUM.EXE \tab 
\par record numbers for playing message dates and times(uses NUMBERS.NUM as a source file).
\par 
\par LLPURGE.EXE \tab \tab 
\par remove inactive voicemail boxes and associated greeting and message files.
\par 
\par PLAY.EXE \tab \tab 
\par utility that allows one to play a voice file.
\par 
\par RECORD.EXE \tab \tab 
\par utility that allows one to record a voice file.
\par 
\par New programs used by Lifeline 3.XX
\par 
\par Payment Code management:
\par 
\par Payment codes allow voicemail users to extend their subscriptions automatically. While the Lifeline program itself can also be used to create paycodes.
\par 
\par LLPAYCD  EXE
\par append a new series of paycodes to the end of the PAYCODE.DAT file.
\par 
\par LLPAYCUT EXE
\par remove used paycodes and create a new paycode file PAYCODE.NEW containing only unused paycodes.
\par 
\par LLPAYCSV EXE
\par create a comma delimited format file (\ldblquote .csv\rdblquote ) of paycode data.
\par 
\par LLPAYRES EXE
\par creates a new paycode data file from a PAYCODE.CSV file.
\par 
\par LLPAYFIX EXE
\par allows an administrator to copy individual paycode records to a new paycode data file.
\par 
\par 
\par Programs for repairing USERS.DAT file.
\par 
\par LLREPAIR EXE
\par allows an administrator to copy individual records to another file.
\par 
\par LLRESTOR EXE
\par creates a new USERS.DAT file from the USERS.CSV file created during backup.
\par 
\par All of these programs except LLSETUP have command line parameters. To find out about these parameters enter the program name followed by "-?" to view the command line syntax for these programs. See below for more information on each of these programs.

\par 
\par Other files are:
\par 
\par ENGLISH.VXP (or LIFELINE.VXP) \tab prompt library.
\par ENGLISH.IXP (or LIFELINE.IXP)\tab index to prompt library. 
\par 
\par (Note: both LIFELINE.VXP and LIFELINE.IXP need to be available for the Lifeline program to activate the voice system.)
\par 
\par ENGLISH.VXN (or NUMBERS.VXN)\tab number fragment library for playing dates and times.
\par ENGLISH.IXN (or NUMBERS.IXN)\tab index to number fragment library.
\par 
\par (Note: both NUMBERS.VXN and NUMBERS.IXN need to be available for the Lifeline program to play message dates and times.)
\par 
\par USERS.DAT 
\par user data file used by Lifeline program.
\par 
\par CALLS.DAT \tab \tab 
\par file used by Lifeline to store statistical info for last 24 hours. 
\par 
\par TELCO.DAT\tab \tab 
\par stores which lines are actually hooked up to telephone company on your system.
\par 
\par BACKUP.DAT \tab \tab 
\par stores back-up path and time for automated backups.
\par 
\par PAYCODE.DAT
\par stores payment codes along with box using payment code, creation date and date used.
\par 
\par LIFELINE.SCR \tab 
\par script file of prompts used by Lifeline program.
\par 
\par NUMBERS.NUM \tab 
\par script file of number prompts used for dates and times.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16\fs24 Setup
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par For the Lifeline program to be useful you need to insta
ll a voice processing board. The Lifeline program was developed using the Dialogic D/4xx family of voice processing boards. Compatible voice processing boards include the Proline/2v, Dialog/4, D/41D, and D/41H. You can have more than one board in your com
p
uter should you need to expand the number of available lines beyond the number supported by your current equipment. Lifeline will run without a voice processing board but the telephone interface will not be available. Follow the manufacturer's instruction
s carefully and test the board before using the Lifeline application. 
\par 
\par To set up Lifeline make a Lifeline directory on your hard disk. For example, type "md c:\\LIFELINE" at the command prompt. Next copy the program files to this new directory. Note that al
l message and greeting files used by the Lifeline program must be stored in this directory for them to be accessible to the Lifeline program. Next change to this directory and run the LLSETUP setup utility to select the appropriate settings for the Lifeli
ne program (e.g. the number of messages and length of message used by the program). Use the LL.BAT batch file to run the Lifeline program.
\par 
\par You will also need to indicate to the system which lines are hooked up to the telephone company. For more information on how to do this see \ldblquote Telco line setup\rdblquote  on page 15.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs24 LLSETUP.EXE - System Setup Utility
\par }{\f16 
\par Llsetup.exe is a setup utility that automatically creates a command line by asking you a series of questions. The command line is stored in a batch file named LL.BAT
. You can modify the command line at any time with Llsetup.exe. When you have finished using Llsetup.exe start the Lifeline program using LL.BAT. Do not start Lifeline by typing the program name LIFELINE.EXE at the command prompt you will not have the cor
rect settings to start the program.
\par 
\par For your reference this is the command line syntax used by Lifeline: 
\par }{\b\f16 LIFELINE.EXE -Cn -Dnnnn -E -Gn -H -In -Nn -Pn -Q -Rn -Snnnn -Tn
\par -Cn    Number of D/4x channels to use, max: 12.
\par -Dnnnn Default security code for new boxes. Currently 1234.
\par -E     Show event codes on console. Log file: LIFELINE.LOG.
\par -Gn    Number of times user can go back to start in one call. Default: No limit.
\par -H     Enable answering machine detection.
\par -In    D/4x interrupt level (2-15), default: 5.
\par -Mn    Disk size in MB. Use if size exceeds 2GB.
\par -Nn    Number of messages per box (min: 5, max: 30, default: 10).
\par -Pn... Call back number for numeric paging. Default: 6827744.
\par -Q     Remove silence when recording messages.
\par -Rn    Number of rings to pick up on, max: 10, default: 1.
\par -Snnnn Skeleton security code. Currently 7242. ("-S" disables.).
\par -Tn    Message length in seconds, min: 5, max: 90, default: 60.}{\b\f16\fs24 
\par }\pard \s15\qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16\fs24 \page How to use the phone with Lifeline: The Basics
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par Lifeline is a very easy program for an end user to le
arn. Usually individual training is not necessary. You may want to copy and print out the following instructions for your clients to refer to when learning Lifeline. These instructions are repeated over the phone so memorizing these instructions is not ne
cessary.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 BASIC CONCEPTS: 
\par }{\f16 
\par Each user has a four-digit box number. This distinguishes each user from every other user of the system
. Each user also has a four-digit security code. The security code prevents other people from accessing a box without authorization. The user can change the four-digit security code but cannot change the four-digit box number.
\par 
\par NOTE: the steps marked with an "*" need not be repeated when executing successive commands. Systems using DID (Direct Inward Dial) can ignore step 2, entering the four-digit box number, as this information is provided automatically during dial in.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 How Do I Leave a Message?
\par }{\f16 \tab 1) *dial in 
\par \tab 2) *enter four-digit box number 
\par \tab 3) wait for the beep
\par \tab 4) leave a message
\par \tab 5) hang up 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 How Do I Listen to My Messages?
\par }{\f16 \tab 1) *dial in 
\par \tab 2) *enter four-digit box number 
\par \tab 3) *enter four-digit security code
\par \tab 4) press `1' 
\par \tab 5) listen to first message
\par \tab 6) press `1' for next message 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 How Do I Delete My Messages?
\par }{\f16 \tab 1) *dial in 
\par \tab 2) *enter four-digit box number 
\par \tab 3) *enter four-digit security code
\par \tab 4) press `9' 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 How Do I Record an Outgoing Greeting? 
\par }{\f16 \tab 1) *dial in 
\par \tab 2) *enter four-digit box number 
\par \tab 3) *enter four-digit security code
\par \tab 4) press `3' 
\par \tab 5) record new greeting after the beep
\par \tab 6) press any key 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 How Do I Change the Language of the prompts? 
\par }{\f16 \tab 1) *dial in 
\par \tab 2) *enter four-digit box number 
\par \tab 3) *enter four-digit security code
\par \tab 4) press `6' 
\par \tab 5) press \lquote 1\rquote  until you hear the language you want to be served in
\par \tab 6) press \lquote *\rquote  to go back to the menu key 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 How Do I Listen to My Outgoing Greeting? 
\par }{\f16 \tab 1) *dial in 
\par \tab 2) *enter four-digit box number 
\par \tab 3) *enter four-digit security code
\par \tab 4) press `2' 
\par \tab 5) listen to your greeting 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 How Do I Change My Security Code?
\par }{\f16 \tab 1) *dial in 
\par \tab 2) *enter four-digit box number 
\par \tab 3) *enter four-digit security code
\par \tab 4) press `#' 
\par \tab 5) enter new four-digit security code 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 How Do I Use a Payment Code?
\par }{\f16 \tab 1) *dial in 
\par \tab 2) *enter four-digit box number 
\par \tab 3) *enter four-digit security code
\par \tab 4) press `4' 
\par \tab 5) enter the sixteen-digit payment code.
\par }{\b\f16 
\par How Do I Set Up Paging?
\par }{\f16 \tab 1) *dial in 
\par \tab 2) *enter four-digit box number 
\par \tab 3) *enter four-digit security code
\par \tab 4) press `8' 
\par \tab 5) enter a seven-digit phone number.
\par \tab 6) press \lquote 1\rquote  to be paged with a voice message or \lquote 2\rquote  if you are using a numeric pager.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Listening to Messages:
\par }{\f16 
\par (Note that you can press any of these keys while a message is playing. Also, until you hang up, you can listen 
to all of your messages including messages that are marked for deletion. Once you hang up however, those messages marked for deletion will be erased.)
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
To listen to the next message press \ldblquote }{\b\f16 1}{\f16 \rdblquote 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
To listen to the previous message press \ldblquote }{\b\f16 2}{\f16 \rdblquote 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 To listen to 
this message again press \ldblquote }{\b\f16 3}{\f16 \rdblquote 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
To listen to the first message press \ldblquote }{\b\f16 4}{\f16 \rdblquote 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
To listen to the last message press \ldblquote }{\b\f16 5}{\f16 \rdblquote 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
To delete or restore just this message press \ldblquote }{\b\f16 7}{\f16 \rdblquote 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
To forward this message to another box on the voice mail system press }{\b\f16 \ldblquote 8\rdblquote }{\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 To delete or 
restore all of your messages press \ldblquote }{\b\f16 9}{\f16 \rdblquote 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
To listen to the date and time this message was recorded press \ldblquote }{\b\f16 #}{\f16 \rdblquote 
\par }\pard \s15\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 Additional Tips:
\par }{\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 1)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls2\adjustright {\f16 
If you enter your security code while recording a message that message is discarded.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 2)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls2\adjustright {\f16 The \ldblquote *
\rdblquote  key always makes you go back a step. If you are listening to messages you will go back to the main menu. If you are in the main menu you go back to the start. If you are the start the intro prompt will restart.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 3)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls2\adjustright {\f16 
To skip the greeting on a box enter \ldblquote #\rdblquote  while it is playing.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 4)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls2\adjustright {\f16 
To prevent a caller from being able to leave a message to your box change your security code so that it starts with \ldblquote *\rdblquote  or \ldblquote #\rdblquote  or is \ldblquote 0000\rdblquote .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 5)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls2\adjustright {\f16 
To access any voice mailbox enter "0###" followed by the system security code. You can create or remove this code with the LLSETUP.EXE setup utility program or by accessing the system box \ldblquote 0***\rdblquote .
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 
\par Box types: 
\par 
\par Message boxes (\ldblquote MSG\rdblquote ) }{\f16 - ordinary voice mail box. Allows recording and playback of messages.}{\b\f16 
\par Admin boxes (\ldblquote ADMN\rdblquote )}{\f16  - same features as message box but can be used to administer a defined group of message boxes.}{\b\f16 
\par Autoassignment boxes (\ldblquote NEW\rdblquote )}{\f16  - a caller can use a payment code or the security code of the box to be assigned a new box for a predetermined amount of time.}{\b\f16 
\par The default box (\ldblquote DEF\rdblquote )}{\f16  - same as a message box but will play automatically if a caller does not enter a box number during the intro prompt.
\par }{\b\f16 
\par Admin boxes (see also page 11)
\par }{\f16 
\par Admin boxes allow an outside person to control a group of boxes simply by using their telephone. Admin box
es have special features that message boxes and ordinary boxes don't. You can use the admin box to record a custom reminder message (see REMINDER MESSAGE below) and make it so a given message box will play the reminder when the user checks their messages.
 You can use the admin box to change a message box security code as well. You can also make a message box effectively inactive by deleting its security code.
\par 
\par To access the message boxes associated with an admin box you can use the administrative menu or  d
ial in, enter the message box number then either enter the correct security code for the message box or enter "0###" followed by the four digit admin security code.
\par }{\b\f16 
\par Admin Box Menus:
\par }{\f16 
\par Note: to access your admin box menus dial in, enter the admin box number then enter the admin box security code.
\par 
\par Basic Admin Box Functions (Main Menu):
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 listen to your messages}{
\f16  press }{\b\f16 1}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 delete}{\f16 
 or undelete your messages press }{\b\f16 9}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 listen to your greeting}{
\f16  press }{\b\f16 2}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 record your greeting}{
\f16  press }{\b\f16 3}{\f16  and start recording after the beep.  
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'2d\tab}}\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360 {\pntxtb -}}\ls4\adjustright {\f16 Press any key when you are finished recording.

\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To change your }{\b\f16 security code}
{\f16  press }{\b\f16 \ldblquote #\rdblquote }{\f16  and enter your new four digit security code.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To use }{\b\f16 
administrator functions}{\f16  press }{\b\f16 7 }{\f16 (see "Administrative Functions" below).
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 go back}{\f16 
 to the start press }{\b\f16 \ldblquote *\rdblquote }{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 repeat these instructions}
{\f16  press }{\b\f16 0}{\f16 .
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl12\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\ilvl12\adjustright {\f16 
\par Administrative Functions (Admin Menu):
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 turn on a box's reminder}{
\f16  press }{\b\f16 1}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 turn off a box's reminder}
{\f16  press }{\b\f16 4}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 
listen to the current reminder}{\f16  message press }{\b\f16 2}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 record a new reminder}{
\f16  message press }{\b\f16 3}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 toggle browsing}{\f16 
 press }{\b\f16 8}{\f16 . (Browsing lets callers call your admin box and then browse through all the associated message boxes.)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 clear a box}{\f16 
 (delete security code, messages and greeting) press }{\b\f16 9}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To change a box's }{\b\f16 
security code}{\f16  press }{\b\f16 \ldblquote #\rdblquote }{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 go back}{\f16 
 to the previous menu press }{\b\f16 \ldblquote *\rdblquote }{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 repeat these instructions 
}{\f16 press }{\b\f16 0}{\f16 .
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\f16 
\par }{\b\f16 \page The System Box and Superusers
\par 
\par }{\f16 The system box has a box "number" of "0***". Use the system \ldblquote skeleton\rdblquote  security code to access this box. You can use this box to change box properties, change the system security code 
as well as record and turn on system announcements. 
\par 
\par When you access in to the system box or use the system code to access a box (\ldblquote 0###\rdblquote  plus the system access code) the voice mail system gives
 you access to certain features that are not normally accessible to ordinary users. These include the ability to modify the properties of an autoassignment box, the ability to create arbitrary paid to dates for boxes, the ability to clear the recorded acc
umulated time for an admin box and the ability to search for boxes by type. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 System Box menu
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To change a box\rquote 
 properties press }{\b\f16 1}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 
listen to the system announcement }{\f16 press }{\b\f16 2}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 
record the system announcement}{\f16  press }{\b\f16 3}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To turn the system }{\b\f16 
announcement on or off }{\f16 press }{\b\f16 6}{\f16 .}{\b\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To change the }{\b\f16 
system access code }{\f16 press }{\b\f16 \ldblquote #\rdblquote  }{\f16 and enter the new system access code.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 go back }{\f16 
to the start press }{\b\f16 \ldblquote *\rdblquote }{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To }{\b\f16 repeat these instructions 
}{\f16 press }{\b\f16 0.}{\f16 
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\b\f16\fs24 
\par }{\b\f16 Box properties menu
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To hear the current box\rquote 
 properties press }{\b\f16 1}{\f16 .
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 
To restore the properties for a box press }{\b\f16 3.}{\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 
To change the reminder status of a box press }{\b\f16 4.}{\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 
To change the admin box for a box press }{\b\f16 7.}{\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 To change the box type of a box press 
}{\b\f16 8.}{\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 
To make a box active or inactive press }{\b\f16 9.}{\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 
To change the security code for a box press the number sign.
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\b\f16 
\par Sending messages to many users
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 
Modifying the intro prompt plays your message to all users.
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl12\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\ilvl12\adjustright {\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 
Record an announcement using the system menu. This message will be played every time a user enters his/her security code. (Note: announcement is stored in a file named \ldblquote ANNOUNCE.VOX\rdblquote .)
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl12\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\ilvl12\adjustright {\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls3\adjustright {\f16 
You can make a box that only plays an outgoing greeting by starting its security code with "*" or "#".
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16\fs24 
\par }\pard \s15\qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16\fs24 \page Viewing, Editing and Finding Box Information: The Basics
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par The Lifeline program allows you to keep user information on the computer for easy reference and billing purposes. Below is a basic guide to using the Lifeline program to create, edit and view box information.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 BASIC CONCEPTS:
\par 
\par }{\i\f16 1)  HELP:
\par }{\f16 The top line (under "USER INFO:") gives you your current options. The bottom line gives you basic hot key help. In FIND and EDIT modes you can access additional hot key help by pressing F1.
\par \tab 
\par }{\i\f16 2)  MODES: 
\par }{\f16 You can do three things with the Lifeline program: VIEW boxes, EDIT bo
xes and FIND boxes. These three actions are called MODES: VIEW mode, EDIT mode and FIND mode. When you start the Lifeline program you are automatically in VIEW mode. You may access any of the other modes from VIEW mode.
\par 
\par }{\i\f16 3)  ACTIVATING BOXES:
\par }{\f16 In order for 
a box to be available on the telephone you must ACTIVATE the box. If an end user tries to access an inactive box they hear a message that that box number is not currently valid and they will not be able to leave a message or otherwise use the box.
\par 
\par To activate a box you must change to edit mode:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 1)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls5\adjustright {\f16 press }{\b\f16 ESC}{\f16 
 to go back to }{\b\f16 VIEW}{\f16  mode (if not already in VIEW mode)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 2)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls5\adjustright {\f16 press }{\b\f16 TAB }{\f16 
to go into }{\b\f16 EDIT}{\f16  mode
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl12\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\ilvl12\adjustright {\f16 (Note: in the lower right hand corner the box record should indicate that }{\b\f16 \ldblquote ACTIVE\rdblquote }{\f16  or }{\b\f16 "INACTIVE".)}{\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 3)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls5\adjustright {\f16 if the bo
x is inactive then press }{\b\f16 "Alt-A"}{\f16  to }{\b\f16 activate the box}{\f16  if the box is \ldblquote INACTIVE\rdblquote 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 4)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls5\adjustright {\f16 
there will be a message asking you how many boxes you would like to activate: press }{\b\f16 ENTER }{\f16 to accept the default value of 1.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 5)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls5\adjustright {\f16 press }{\b\f16 ESC }{\f16 
to return to }{\b\f16 VIEW }{\f16 mode.
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 \tab    
\par The box will now be available over the phone and will indicate that it is "ACTIVE" when that user record is showing on the screen.
\par \tab 
\par NOTE: Disk space required depends on the number and length of messages you choose. To get the number of boxes you can have on a given hard disk divide the size of the disk in bytes}{\cs20\f16\super \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain 
\s19\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs20\f16\fs18\super \chftn }{\f16\fs18  Gigabyte (GB) = 1024 x 1024 x 1024 =  1,073,741,824 bytes. Megabyte (MB) = 1024 x 1024 =  1,048,576 bytes.}}}{\f16 
 by (#msgs + 1) x secs per msg x 3000. Available boxes shown at bottom of screen for drives > 2.2GB may indicate less capacity than is available. }{\i\f16 Use the LLSETUP.EXE program to change the number and length of messages used by Lifeline.}{\f16  

\par \tab 
\par }{\i\f16 4)  FINDING A BOX:
\par }{\f16 There are two ways to find a box. You can scroll through the boxes in VIEW mode or you can immediately go to a given box number using FIND mode.}{\b\f16 
\par \page To scroll through boxes in VIEW mode you can use the following keys:
\par HOME}{\f16 : \tab \tab go to first active box.
\par }{\b\f16 END}{\f16 : \tab \tab \tab go to last active box.
\par }{\b\f16 PAGE UP}{\f16 : \tab \tab go to previous active box.
\par }{\b\f16 PAGE DOWN}{\f16 : \tab \tab go to next active box.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 CTRL-HOME}{\f16 : \tab \tab go to very first box ("0000").
\par }{\b\f16 CTRL-END}{\f16 : \tab \tab go to very last box ("9999").
\par }{\b\f16 CTRL-PAGE UP}{\f16 : \tab go to previous box number (can be active or inactive).
\par }{\b\f16 CTRL-PAGE DOWN}{\f16 : \tab go to next box number (can be active or inactive).
\par \tab 
\par }{\b\f16 To find a box using FIND mode:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 1)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls6\adjustright {\f16 press }{\b\f16 ESC}{\f16 
 to go back to }{\b\f16 VIEW }{\f16 mode (if not already in VIEW mode)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 2)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls6\adjustright {\f16 press }{\b\f16 Alt-F}{\f16 
 to go into }{\b\f16 FIND}{\f16  mode (Note:  the cursor should be on the "BOX" field.)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \b\f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 3)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls6\adjustright {\b\f16 
enter the four-digit box number }{\f16 you wish to view and press ENTER. You will then be back in VIEW mode with that box showing on the screen.
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 \tab 
\par }{\i\f16 5)  ADMIN BOXES:
\par }{\f16 Admin boxes allow an outside person to control a group of boxes simply by using their telephone. To make a box an admin box use CTRL-T to change the box type to "ADMN". To create message boxes for that admin box enter the admin box\rquote 
s box number in the admin box field of the message box. Admin boxes have special features that message boxes and ordinary
 boxes don't. You can use the admin box to record a custom reminder message (see REMINDER MESSAGE below) and make it so a given message box will play the reminder when the user checks their messages. You can use the admin box to change a message box secur
ity code as well. You can also make a message box effectively inactive by deleting its security code. (See }{\b\f16 box types}{\f16  on page 11.)
\par 
\par }{\i\f16 6)  EXITING LIFELINE:
\par }{\f16 To exit Lifeline you must be in VIEW mode. 
\par }\pard \s15\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 1) press ESC to go to VIEW mode if you are in EDIT or FIND mode. 
\par 2) press Alt-X to exit program. If you have password protected the 
\par    program you will be asked to enter the password.
\par 3) wait for the system to shut down.
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 \tab 
\par NOTE: the Lifeline program automatically waits until the phone lines are clear before shutting down.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 
\par \page NAVIGATING IN THE USER RECORD:
\par }{\f16 
\par }{\b\f16 CTRL-HOME}{\f16 \tab \tab Go to first available field in record. 
\par }{\b\f16 CTRL-END}{\f16  \tab \tab Go to last available field in record.
\par }{\b\f16 TAB/ENTER/DOWN}{\f16 \tab Go to the next field.
\par }{\b\f16 SHIFT-TAB/UP}{\f16 \tab Go to the previous field.
\par }{\b\f16 HOME\tab }{\f16 \tab \tab Go to first character in field.
\par }{\b\f16 END}{\f16 \tab \tab \tab Go to last character in field.
\par }{\b\f16 LEFT}{\f16 \tab \tab \tab Go to previous character in field.
\par }{\b\f16 RIGHT\tab }{\f16 \tab \tab Go to last character in field.
\par }\pard \s15\fi-2160\li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 INS}{\f16 \tab Toggle insert (small cursor)/ overwrite (large cursor) text when modifying record.
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par }{\b\f16 EDITING: SPECIAL FEATURES
\par }{\f16 
\par }{\i\f16 Cutting and pasting records.
\par }{\f16 
\par }{\b\f16 ALT-T}{\f16 \tab \tab Copy whole record (except BOX, SEC CODE and REMIND? Fields).
\par }\pard \s15\fi-1440\li1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 ALT-Z}{\f16 \tab Paste saved record to current box number (or to the FIND record). You can use this hot key combination to paste a record to sever records.
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 CTRL-X}{\f16 \tab Cut field. (I.e. copy field contents to buffer and clear field.)
\par }{\b\f16 CTRL-K}{\f16  \tab Copy field. (Same as Ctrl-C in Windows.)
\par }{\b\f16 CTRL-V\tab }{\f16 Paste field. This will paste the field at the cursor position in the current field.
\par }\pard \s15\fi-1440\li1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 F2}{\f16 \tab Paste current date. In the PAID TO field this will paste the date or increment the date if  the date in the field is in the valid format.
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par (Note: when cutting and pasting fields you cannot paste non-numeric fields to numeric fields. The BOX, SEC CODE and ADMIN BOX fields are all numeric fields.)
\par 
\par }{\i\f16 
\par Clearing records and fields:
\par }{\f16 
\par }{\b\f16 CTRL-Y}{\f16 \tab Clear field.
\par }{\b\f16 ALT-Y\tab \tab }{\f16 Clear whole record (except BOX and SEC CODE fields).
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Passwords
\par 
\par }{\f16 When Lifeline is password protected you will need the password to edit a record or exit the program. You can create a password in }{\b\f16 edit mode }{\f16 by pressing }{\b\f16 Alt-P}{\f16 
. Making the password blank and pressing enter deactivates the password feature.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 \page Default Security Code
\par }{\f16 
\par The default security code is added to a box record's SEC CODE field when it is newly created. You can make the default blank if you like. Note that a box with a blank security code, one that is all zeros or  one that starts
 with * or # will only play a greeting and will not allow the caller to leave a message.
\par 
\par You can also automatically make random security codes. To do so press Ctrl-A when in EDIT mode and enter the number of consecutive boxes that you wish to provide secu
rity codes for. Note that you will not be able to undo the changes once you change the security code in this manner.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Reminders}{\b\f16 
\par }{\f16 
\par A reminder is a voice prompt that plays before an end user can access their messages. The default reminder is
 stored in a file named REMIND.VOX. Use the Record.exe or Llprompt.exe programs to record a new reminder. (See below for details on Record.exe and Llprompt.exe.)
\par 
\par If the current box has an admin box that has a custom reminder the custom reminder will play instead of the default reminder message.
\par 
\par Turning the reminder on by pressing Ctrl-R will put a Y in the REMIND? field in the current record. You can toggle the reminder in box EDIT and VIEW modes.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Adding a voice prompt to the start of a greeting.
\par }{\f16 
\par An ad 
is a voice prompt that follows the user's greeting on the box. To activate this feature press CTRL-R from EDIT or VIEW modes until the "A" appears in the "REMIND?" field (there are four states for this field: remind ("Y"), play ad ("A"), never remind ("X"
), reminder off (" ")). You can use any reminder message as an ad. Use admin boxes to create custom reminder messages to be used as ads.
\par }{\i\f16 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Back-ups Automated and Manual
\par }{\f16 
\par Use the back up feature to copy user records, messages and greetings from the main drive to the back-up drive. To set up the back up feature press }{\b\f16 Alt-B}{\f16  from }{\b\f16 edit mode}{\f16 
. You can automatically back up your system at a specified time or initiate a back up rig
ht away. System back ups do not prevent the operation of the phone system. You can start automated back ups at various intervals. You can do back ups from daily to hourly. Enter the start time for the first automated back up of the day followed by the num
ber of hours you want to have pass before the next back up. You can suspend automated back ups by deleting the back up start time or back up path.
\par 
\par Do regular back-ups. A minimal system will have two hard drives. One of these drives is a copy of the other a
nd is only used to back up message, greeting and reminder files. This drive should be able to run LIFELINE independently. Also, keep the user data file (USERS.DAT) on a floppy disk. In case of theft or both hard drives being trashed you can run the progra
m just using the data file. 
\par 
\par When in the back up screen you can initial full (all files) or partial (just user data files) back ups. To start a full back up press }{\b\f16 Alt-F}{\f16  from the back up screen. To start a partial back up press }{\b\f16 Alt-P}{\f16 
. For a text only backup press }{\b\f16 Alt-C}{\f16 . Press ESC to go back to the EDIT screen.
\par 
\par You can do partial back ups to floppy drives. There are two ways to do this. The easy way: }{\b\f16 Alt-A}{\f16  will initiate a backup to the A:\\ drive. You will be prompted to put a disk in the drive. Remember, the
 program will halt if you start the backup and there is no disk in the drive. Alternatively, change the }{\b\f16 Backup Path}{\f16  field in the backup dialog screen and press }{\b\f16 Alt-C}{\f16  for a text only backup or }{\b\f16 Alt-P}{\f16 
 for a backup of all data files except messages, greetings and reminders. If you try to do a full backup (}{\b\f16 Alt-F}{\f16 ) to a floppy drive the backup will automatically abort. For systems with large numbers of users the }{\b\f16 Alt-P }{\f16 
partial backup may not be able to complete as the data files will not fit within the 1.44 MB limit of the floppy disk.
\par 
\par You can use back ups as a way to purge old files after a specified number of days. You can also use back ups as a way to automate the "billing" process - reminding and deactivating boxes that are past their payment due date. To activ
ate these features enter a number greater than 0 in the appropriate field in the back up screen. These features are only active during full back ups.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Purging inactive message and greeting files
\par }{\f16 
\par You can remove inactive message and greeting files for an individual box by pressing Alt-D while in edit mode. Note that the box must be deactivated to use this feature.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Box Types
\par }{\f16 
\par Voice mailboxes can be of 3 different types: MESSAGE BOXES, ADMINISTRATIVE BOXES and the DEFAULT BOX. Change the box type in EDIT mode by pressing Ctrl-T.
\par 
\par The }{\b\f16 message box}{\f16  (\ldblquote MSG\rdblquote  in the BOX TYPE field) will let users leave messages and do all ordinary message functions.
\par 
\par The }{\b\f16 administrative box}{\f16  (\ldblquote ADMN\rdblquote ) has all the properties of the message box but allows the user to control the behavior of other voice mail boxes. These other boxes must have the administrative box\rquote 
s box number in the ADMIN field to be accessible from the admin box. Use admin boxes to create custom reminder messages, remind, change the security code and clear message boxes accessible from the admin box. Use the skeleton key \ldblquote 0###
\rdblquote  along with the admin box security code to access these message boxes. (See also pages 5 and 8)
\par 
\par Only one voice mail box can be the }{\b\f16 default box}{\f16  (\ldblquote DEF\rdblquote ). The voice mail system reverts to the default 
box if a caller does not press a key or hang up during the introductory prompt. The caller can then leave a message if necessary. Messages can be forwarded to other voice mailboxes by pressing }{\b\f16 PGDN}{\f16 
 in EDIT mode, selecting the message to be moved, pressing }{\b\f16 Alt-M}{\f16 , entering the new box number for the selected message and pressing }{\b\caps\f16 enter}{\f16 .
\par }{\b\f16 \page FINDING: SPECIAL FEATURES
\par }{\f16 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Field syntax: Simple field syntax
\par }{\f16 
\par Simply enter the text you
 would like to find in each field and press F3. If the box number field is filled in with a four-digit box number you will go directly to that box. Note that the case of the characters is ignored and that the search is always from the current box to highe
r numbered boxes and back to the lowest numbered box when the highest number has been reached.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Finding empty and non-empty fields
\par }{\f16 
\par ~\tab Find records where this field is empty.
\par ? \tab Find records where this field is not empty. 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Field syntax: More complex field syntax
\par }{\f16 
\par This is the full field syntax:
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 [ }{\b\f16 @ }{\f16 ][ }{\b\f16 <}{\f16 /}{\b\f16 > }{\f16 ][ }{\b\i\f16 info}{\f16 /}{\b\i\f16 tag }{\f16 ]
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par Note:
\par "[]" means optional, 
\par "/" indicates a choice (i.e. "</>" means "either < or >").
\par 
\par }{\i\f16 Examples:
\par }{\b\f16 >12
\par }{\f16 Find records where this field is greater than 12.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 <Hello
\par }{\f16 Find records where this field is lexicographically prior to \ldblquote Hello\rdblquote  (e.g. \ldblquote Good bye\rdblquote ).
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 <12-May-99
\par }{\f16 Find records where this field is less than 12 May, 1999. Note that how the comparison is done depends on the field being compared. The PAID TO, START DATE and LAST CALL fields all treat da
tes as dates. Other fields treat dates as words and do a lexical comparison.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Using the "@" Symbol: Tags
\par }{\f16 
\par What is a tag? A tag represents another field in the record being searched. Using tags you can compare fields within a 
given record. For example, for billing purposes you could search for all the records where the PAID TO field is less than the CALLS field to find those who had made more calls than were paid for alternatively you could search for those where the date of t
he LAST CALL field was greater than the date of the PAID TO field.
\par 
\par By placing the @ at the beginning of the of the search string in a given field the first character following either the >, < or @ symbols is interpreted as a tag. The tags for each field are single letters with BOX being A, SEC CODE being B etc.
\par 
\par Note: pressing F4 will show the tags next to their respective fields.
\par 
\par }{\i\f16 Examples:
\par }{\b\f16 @>A
\par }{\f16 Find records where the current field is greater than the box number (field "A").
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 @<A
\par }{\f16 Find records where the current field is less than the box number.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 @A
\par }{\f16 Find records where the current field is equal to the box number.
\par 
\par Note: the tags are case insensitive so "A" is the same as "a".
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Comparing numbers and dates using tags
\par }{\f16 
\par The START DATE and LAST CALL fields are in 
a special date format. The BOX, SEC CODE, ADMIN BOX, CALLS and MESSAGES fields are all in a numeric format. The format of the field being searched from will determine how the tag field will be interpreted. If you compare a number field to a number field i
t
 compares the values directly. If you compare a number field to an alphanumeric field it will check to see if the field is a number and if the field is not a number it will then compare alphabetically. If you compare a date field to an alphanumeric field 
it will check to see if the field is a date and if not will compare alphabetically.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 
\par \page SYSTEM STATISTICS
\par }{\f16 
\par To view system statistics look at the bottom line on the screen for information on system setup and the number of boxes in use and the number of boxes available.  To view statistics on telephone line usage in the last 24 hours press }{\b\f16 F2}{\f16 
 while you are in }{\b\f16 VIEW}{\f16  mode. Statistics are shown by hour and include 
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 total calls into the system

\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 total message calls
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 total non-message calls

\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
number of times that all channels connected to telephone lines (\ldblquote telco lines\rdblquote ) were in use (i.e. system was busy)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
maximum length of time per hour that all telco lines were in use
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\f16 
total length of time that all telco lines were in use.
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par It is strongly recommended to start a day to day system log to record the number of active users on the system as well as other relevant line statistics. This record can be very useful in business planning.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Telco line setup
\par }{\f16 
\par Keeping track of the use of your system is a very important part of any voice mail business. For your voice mail system to be used effectively by callers you must ensure that your telephone lines are not busy. 
\par 
\par For the Lifeline program to keep track of how often and how long telco lines are full you must select which lines are using telephone services. To do this 
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 1)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf16\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls7\adjustright {\f16 Press }{
\b\f16 ESC}{\f16  to until you are back in }{\b\f16 VIEW}{\f16  mode.}{\b\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 2)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf16\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls7\adjustright {\f16 Press }{
\b\f16 F2}{\f16  to view system statistics.}{\b\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 3)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf16\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls7\adjustright {\f16 Press }{
\b\f16 Alt-T}{\f16  to view telco lines on your system.}{\b\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 4)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf16\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls7\adjustright {\f16 
Navigate the telco line window using the }{\b\f16 arrow keys }{\f16 and use the }{\b\f16 space bar }{\f16 to select or deselect telco lines and type of service.}{\b\f16 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s15 \f16\fs20\lang1033 \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 5)\tab}}\pard \s15\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf16\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta )}}\ls7\adjustright {\f16 Press }{
\b\f16 ESC}{\f16  to go back to statistics.}{\b\f16 
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par You may change this setup at any time.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f16 Direct inward dial (DID)}{\f16 
\par 
\par DID is a service provided by your phone company that lets you use mu
ltiple 7 digit phone numbers with your voice mail system. The phone company sends 3 or 4 digits out of the 7 digit number between the first and second ring similar to the way Caller ID works.  DID requires special equipment to operate as the type of phone
 line for this service is different than the typical analog phone line.  Use the telco line setup box to access this service.
\par }\pard \s15\qc\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16\fs24 \page Utility programs
\par }\pard \s15\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\i\f16 
\par (See above for notes on the LLSETUP.EXE program)
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 LLCNVT.EXE - data conversion utility
\par }{\f16 
\par This utility converts the user data file to a standard ASCII delimited format that can be read by any database or spreadsheet program.  You can select voice mailbox records based on whether they are active or inactive. The default is to convert both.

\par 
\par You can also select an output file. Note that any existing data in this file will be erased. The default is to output to a file named USERS.CSV.
\par 
\par Note: this data conversion is done automatically by LIFELINE when you execute a full or partial back up.
\par 
\par Syntax: }{\b\f16 LLCNVT.EXE [}{\b\i\f16 output file}{\b\f16 ] [-A[CTIVE] | -I[NACTIVE]]}{\f16 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 LLPROMPT.EXE - prompt recording utility
\par }{\f16 
\par This is a prompt recording utility for re-recording the voice prompts used by the Lifeline program. The Llprompt.exe program uses a script file such as LIFELINE.SCR to store file names of each prompt along with their respective texts. 
\par 
\par When you start the program you will be asked to select a script file from a list. The file extension \ldblquote .SCR\rdblquote  denotes a script file. You can have more than one script file, however, 
each script file must have the numbers needed for all of the prompts needed by the Lifeline program.
\par 
\par When you select a script for recording it looks for a prompt library (extension: \ldblquote .VXP\rdblquote  - what actually stores the recorded prompts used by Lifeline) and an index file for the number fragments (extension \ldblquote .IXP\rdblquote  
\endash  what stores the names and positions in the library file for the fragments). It then copies each section of the library file to individual files that you can record or play back individual prompts. 
\par 
\par When you exit the program you will be asked if you want to make an indexed prompt file. This will create a new library and index file from the prompt files. It will then ask if you want to delete the individual prompt files. Usually these prompt files ar
e only needed for recording prompts and are created automatically when you start the LLPROMPT program. However, you may modify these individual files and recreate the index using this program. This is especially useful if you must use another prompt recor
ding program to \ldblquote trim\rdblquote  prompts that have long pauses in them, clean up noisy prompts or use special effects.
\par 
\par The phone line or line simulator must be plugged into line 1 on your voice processing board for this program to work properly. If you are not using interrupt 5 for the voice board you must specify the voice board interrupt on the command line.
\par \page 
\par To modify or translate the prompts simply edit the LIFELINE.SCR file in any text editor.  The script file syntax is as follows:
\par 
\par FILE:FILENAME.VOX
\par [script text on following lines]
\par 
\par Syntax: }{\b\f16 LLPROMPT [-I }{\b\i\f16 interrupt}{\b\f16 ]}{\f16 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 LLRECNUM.EXE \endash  utility for recording date and time fragments.
\par }{\f16 
\par This is a recording utility for re-recording the number fragments used by the Lifeline program to play file dates and times. The Llrecnum.exe program uses a script file such as NUMBERS.NUM to store sequence of numbers to be recorded. 
\par 
\par When you start the program you will be asked to select a script file from a list. The file extension \ldblquote .NUM\rdblquote  denotes a script file. You can have 
more than one script file, however, each script file must have the numbers needed for all of the prompts needed by the Lifeline program.
\par 
\par When you select a script for recording it looks for a prompt library (extension: \ldblquote .VXN\rdblquote  - what actually stores the rec
orded date and time fragments that are later constructed into a date and time by Lifeline) and an index file for the number fragments (extension \ldblquote .IXN\rdblquote  \endash 
 what stores the positions in the library file for the fragments). It then copies each section of the library file to individual files that you can record or play back individual prompts. 
\par 
\par When you exit the program you will be asked if you want to make an indexed prompt file. This will create a new library and index file from the prompt files. It will then
 ask if you want to delete the individual prompt files. Usually these prompt files are only needed for recording prompts and are created automatically when you start the LLRECNUM program. However, you may modify these individual files and recreate the ind
ex using this program. This is especially useful if you must use another prompt recording program to \ldblquote trim\rdblquote  prompts that have long pauses in them, clean up noisy prompts or use special effects.
\par 
\par The phone line or line simulator must be plugged into line 1 on your voice processing board for this program to work properly. If you are not using interrupt 5 for the voice board you must specify the voice board interrupt on the command line.
\par 
\par To modify or translate the number fragments simply edit the NUMBERS.NUM file in any text editor.  The file syntax is as follows:
\par 
\par Number
\par Next number
\par (etc.)
\par 
\par Syntax: }{\b\f16 LLRECNUM [-I }{\b\i\f16 interrupt}{\b\f16 ]
\par }{\f16 
\par }{\b\f16 
\par 
\par LLPURGE.EXE - remove inactive voicemail boxes
\par }{\f16 
\par Llpurge.exe removes inactive voice mailbox records and deletes their respective message, greeting and reminder files. Use this program periodically to compact your user data file and remove unused messages, greetings and reminders. You can choose whether 
you want to delete the user records with the files or just the inactive user files.
\par 
\par Syntax: }{\b\f16 LLPURGE.EXE}{\f16 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 PLAY.EXE - utility for playing voice files
\par }{\f16 
\par Play.exe lets you play individual voice files. The phone line or line simulator must be plugged into line
 1 on your voice processing board for this program to work properly. If you are not using interrupt 5 for the voice board you must specify the voice board interrupt on the command line.
\par 
\par Syntax: }{\b\f16 PLAY.EXE [ }{\b\i\f16 file name}{\b\f16 ][-I }{\b\i\f16 interrupt}{\b\f16 ]
\par }{\f16 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 RECORD.EXE - utility for recording voice files
\par }{\f16 
\par Record.exe lets you record individual voice files. The phone line or line simulator must be plugged into line 1 on your voice processing board for this program to work properly. If you are not using interrupt 5 for the voice board
 you must specify the voice board interrupt on the command line.
\par 
\par Syntax: }{\b\f16 RECORD.EXE [}{\b\i\f16 file name}{\b\f16 ][-I }{\b\i\f16 interrupt}{\b\f16 ]
\par }{\f16 
\par }}